# _{Renew Financial Intern Code Challenge}_

##### _{Uploads a csv file and shows the data}, {Nov, 17 2015}_

#### By _**{Chris Underwood}**_

## Description

_{The application uploads a csv file with headers that match the columns of a database take, parses the data, saves it in the database, and then displays the data in a view. In addition of the raw data, a total of all
 the transaction dollars to date is displayed. Multiple files can be uploaded using this system as the records are added to the database which is what is queried to populate the view. There are no unit tests or
 integration tests in the application.}

## Setup

See the Technologies Used section for more information about the environment that this was created with.

In the command line migrate to where the file is downloaded.

bundle install (this is needed for some of the specific gems used on this program)
rake db:create (to get database running)
rake db:migrate (to create the database table and fields)
rails s (to get the rails web server running)
in the browser go to localhost:3000 to see the application.



## Technologies Used

Ruby version 2.2.2
Rails version 4.2.4
Postgres versionn 9.4.4
require csv
gem smarter_csv

### Legal


Copyright (c) 2015 **_{Chris Underwood}_**

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
